feat: Pokedex with platformatic (#31)
Eomm/fastify-discord-bot-demo: posts/bonus-pokedex.md

# How to build a Pokedex with Platformatic

> Recently, [Matteo Collina](https://nodeland.dev/), one of Fastify's creators and much more, launched a new Backend As A Service service: [Platformatic](https://platformatic.dev/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Recently, [Matteo Collina](https://nodeland.dev/), one of Fastify's creators and much more, launched [Platformatic](https://platformatic.dev/): a _fast_ backend development platform.
```

Since it is built on top of Fastify, it claims to be a life changer, and I want to try it and write down my thoughts!

> So, what are we going to build? A Pokedex!  

Reviewer: what’s a pokedex?

Of course, I don't want to write a boring article, let's make it a bit more fun!  
Here are the requirements:

- The Pokemon database already exists. It will be our "legacy" system
- I want to build a React frontend. It will test Platformatic's "extensibility". Note that Platformatic is a "Backend" framework, but fastify can handle frontend too!
- The application must be read-only. I don't want to expose any API with `write` privileges.

> Now that we have the requirements let's start!

Reviewer: A small architecture diagram would be great!

Author: done

<img width="553" alt="image" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/11404065/218317698-f5f44d1a-6c17-4650-bafe-6b03512ff06e.png">

Reviewer: is the "React Application Build" a database?

Author: it is the file system - I will try to draw it in a clearer way

## The database

The first step is to create our database schema. Note that this section does not concern Platformatic itself,
but I want to track my working process.

The following image is the raw Entity-Relation schema for our Pokedex:

![Pokedex DB Schema](./assets/pokedex-er.png)

> We must write down the code into a `001.do.schema.sql` file. It will be the first migration file.

Reviewer: I think you might want to setup platformatic first, introduce migrations and then fill in the migrations file.

> Then we need to fill the schema so that we will extract the data from [Poke API](https://pokeapi.co/docs/v2#pokemon).

Reviewer: You should mention that’ll extract pokemon data in the previous section when you mentioned it was a “legacy” database.
